docs/DeveloperGuide.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Developer Guide
---

* Table of Contents
  {:toc}

---

## **Setting up, getting started**

Refer to the guide [_Setting up and getting started_](SettingUp.md).

---

## **Design**

### Architecture

<img src="images/ArchitectureDiagram.png" width="450" />

The **_Architecture Diagram_** given above explains the high-level design of the App. Given below is a quick overview of each component.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">

:bulb: **Tip:** The `.puml` files used to create diagrams in this document can be found in the [diagrams](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/docs/diagrams/) folder. Refer to the [_PlantUML Tutorial_ at se-edu/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/plantUml.html) to learn how to create and edit diagrams.

</div>

**`Main`** has two classes called [`Main`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/Main.java) and [`MainApp`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/MainApp.java). It is responsible for,

* At app launch: Initializes the components in the correct sequence, and connects them up with each other.
* At shut down: Shuts down the components and invokes cleanup methods where necessary.

[**`Commons`**](#common-classes) represents a collection of classes used by multiple other components.

The rest of the App consists of four components.

* [**`UI`**](#ui-component): The UI of the App.
* [**`Logic`**](#logic-component): The command executor.
* [**`Model`**](#model-component): Holds the data of the App in memory.
* [**`Storage`**](#storage-component): Reads data from, and writes data to, the hard disk.

Each of the four components,

* defines its _API_ in an `interface` with the same name as the Component.
* exposes its functionality using a concrete `{Component Name}Manager` class (which implements the corresponding API `interface` mentioned in the previous point.

For example, the `Logic` component (see the class diagram given below) defines its API in the `Logic.java` interface and exposes its functionality using the `LogicManager.java` class which implements the `Logic` interface.

![Class Diagram of the Logic Component](images/LogicClassDiagram.png)

**How the architecture components interact with each other**

The _Sequence Diagram_ below shows how the components interact with each other for the scenario where the user issues the command `delete 1`.

<img src="images/ArchitectureSequenceDiagram.png" width="574" />

The sections below give more details of each component.

### UI component

![Structure of the UI Component](images/UiClassDiagram.png)

**API** :
[`Ui.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/ui/Ui.java)

The UI consists of a `MainWindow` that is made up of parts e.g.`CommandBox`, `ResultDisplay`, `ProjectListPanel`, `StatusBarFooter` etc. All these, including the `MainWindow`, inherit from the abstract `UiPart` class.

The `UI` component uses JavaFx UI framework. The layout of these UI parts are defined in matching `.fxml` files that are in the `src/main/resources/view` folder. For example, the layout of the [`MainWindow`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/ui/MainWindow.java) is specified in [`MainWindow.fxml`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/resources/view/MainWindow.fxml)

The `UI` component,

* Executes user commands using the `Logic` component.
* Listens for changes to `Model` data so that the UI can be updated with the modified data.

### Logic component

![Structure of the Logic Component](images/LogicClassDiagram.png)

**API** :
[`Logic.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/logic/Logic.java)

1. `Logic` uses the `ProjectBookParser` class to parse the user command.
1. This results in a `Command` object which is executed by the `LogicManager`.
1. The command execution can affect the `Model` (e.g. adding a project).
1. The result of the command execution is encapsulated as a `CommandResult` object which is passed back to the `Ui`.
1. In addition, the `CommandResult` object can also instruct the `Ui` to perform certain actions, such as displaying help to the user.

Given below is the Sequence Diagram for interactions within the `Logic` component for the `execute("delete 1")` API call.

![Interactions Inside the Logic Component for the `delete 1` Command](images/DeleteSequenceDiagram.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> The lifeline for `DeleteCommandParser` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

### Model component

![Structure of the Model Component](images/ModelClassDiagram.png)

**API** : [`Model.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/model/Model.java)

The `Model`,

* stores a `UserPref` object that represents the user’s preferences.
* stores the project book data.
* exposes an unmodifiable `ObservableList<Project>` that can be 'observed' e.g. the UI can be bound to this list so that the UI automatically updates when the data in the list change.
* does not depend on any of the other three components.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> An alternative (arguably, a more OOP) model is given below. It has a `Tag` list in the `ProjectBook`, which `Project` references. This allows `ProjectBook` to only require one `Tag` object per unique `Tag`, instead of each `Project` needing their own `Tag` object.<br>

![BetterModelClassDiagram](images/BetterModelClassDiagram.png)

</div>

### Storage component

![Structure of the Storage Component](images/StorageClassDiagram.png)

**API** : [`Storage.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/storage/Storage.java)

The `Storage` component,

* can save `UserPref` objects in json format and read it back.
* can save the project book data in json format and read it back.

### Common classes

Classes used by multiple components are in the `seedu.momentum.commons` package.

---

## **Implementation**

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### \[Proposed\] Undo/redo feature

#### Proposed Implementation

The proposed undo/redo mechanism is facilitated by `VersionedProjectBook`. It extends `ProjectBook` with an undo/redo history, stored internally as an `projectBookStateList` and `currentStatePointer`. Additionally, it implements the following operations:

* `VersionedProjectBook#commit()` — Saves the current project book state in its history.
* `VersionedProjectBook#undo()` — Restores the previous project book state from its history.
* `VersionedProjectBook#redo()` — Restores a previously undone project book state from its history.

These operations are exposed in the `Model` interface as `Model#commitProjectBook()`, `Model#undoProjectBook()` and `Model#redoProjectBook()` respectively.

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the undo/redo mechanism behaves at each step.

Step 1. The user launches the application for the first time. The `VersionedProjectBook` will be initialized with the initial project book state, and the `currentStatePointer` pointing to that single project book state.

![UndoRedoState0](images/UndoRedoState0.png)

Step 2. The user executes `delete 5` command to delete the 5th project in the project book. The `delete` command calls `Model#commitProjectBook()`, causing the modified state of the project book after the `delete 5` command executes to be saved in the `projectBookStateList`, and the `currentStatePointer` is shifted to the newly inserted project book state.

![UndoRedoState1](images/UndoRedoState1.png)

Step 3. The user executes `add n/David …​` to add a new project. The `add` command also calls `Model#commitProjectBook()`, causing another modified project book state to be saved into the `projectBookStateList`.

![UndoRedoState2](images/UndoRedoState2.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> If a command fails its execution, it will not call `Model#commitProjectBook()`, so the project book state will not be saved into the `projectBookStateList`.

</div>

Step 4. The user now decides that adding the project was a mistake, and decides to undo that action by executing the `undo` command. The `undo` command will call `Model#undoProjectBook()`, which will shift the `currentStatePointer` once to the left, pointing it to the previous project book state, and restores the project book to that state.

![UndoRedoState3](images/UndoRedoState3.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> If the `currentStatePointer` is at index 0, pointing to the initial ProjectBook state, then there are no previous ProjectBook states to restore. The `undo` command uses `Model#canUndoProjectBook()` to check if this is the case. If so, it will return an error to the user rather
than attempting to perform the undo.

</div>

The following sequence diagram shows how the undo operation works:

![UndoSequenceDiagram](images/UndoSequenceDiagram.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> The lifeline for `UndoCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.

</div>

The `redo` command does the opposite — it calls `Model#redoProjectBook()`, which shifts the `currentStatePointer` once to the right, pointing to the previously undone state, and restores the project book to that state.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> If the `currentStatePointer` is at index `projectBookStateList.size() - 1`, pointing to the latest project book state, then there are no undone ProjectBook states to restore. The `redo` command uses `Model#canRedoProjectBook()` to check if this is the case. If so, it will return an error to the user rather than attempting to perform the redo.

</div>

Step 5. The user then decides to execute the command `list`. Commands that do not modify the project book, such as `list`, will usually not call `Model#commitProjectBook()`, `Model#undoProjectBook()` or `Model#redoProjectBook()`. Thus, the `projectBookStateList` remains unchanged.

![UndoRedoState4](images/UndoRedoState4.png)

Step 6. The user executes `clear`, which calls `Model#commitProjectBook()`. Since the `currentStatePointer` is not pointing at the end of the `projectBookStateList`, all project book states after the `currentStatePointer` will be purged. Reason: It no longer makes sense to redo the `add n/David …​` command. This is the behavior that most modern desktop applications follow.

![UndoRedoState5](images/UndoRedoState5.png)

The following activity diagram summarizes what happens when a user executes a new command:

![CommitActivityDiagram](images/CommitActivityDiagram.png)

#### Design consideration:

##### Aspect: How undo & redo executes

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Saves the entire project book.
  * Pros: Easy to implement.
  * Cons: May have performance issues in terms of memory usage.

* **Alternative 2:** Individual command knows how to undo/redo by
  itself.
  * Pros: Will use less memory (e.g. for `delete`, just save the project being deleted).
  * Cons: We must ensure that the implementation of each individual command are correct.

_{more aspects and alternatives to be added}_

### \[Proposed\] Data archiving

_{Explain here how the data archiving feature will be implemented}_

---

## **Documentation, logging, testing, configuration, dev-ops**

* [Documentation guide](Documentation.md)
* [Testing guide](Testing.md)
* [Logging guide](Logging.md)
* [Configuration guide](Configuration.md)
* [DevOps guide](DevOps.md)

---

## **Appendix: Requirements**

### Product scope

**Target user profile**:

* Freelancers
  * Freelancers may take on multiple projects simultaneously, so they need to manage and track the time they spend on each project.
  * Freelancers want to know how much time they spend on a project in order to accurately bill their clients and set future rates.
  * Freelancers might want to know more about how they distribute their time and track the time spent on each project so that they can better understand their working style, and plan their time more efficiently.

**Value proposition**:

* Time tracking app
  * Dashboard view for freelancer to get an overview of all projects
  * Multiple groups to represent different categories to help in grouping of tasks such as freelance projects.
  * Predefined groups that are commonly used for freelancers, such as projects and self-learning/improvement
  * Timer to track the duration of a task or Indicate start time and end time for a task, so that the user can price their rates and charge clients more accurately.
  * Reminder to start doing a task (only when application is open).
  * Users can generate reports of time usage after a week/any specified duration to understand their work style better and optimise their time usage so that they can plan their time better.
  * Users can also generate reports of their income over a period of time from various freelance projects
  * Interesting/creative views for visualizing the reports/data.

### User stories

Priorities: High (must have) - `* * *`, Medium (nice to have) - `* *`, Low (unlikely to have) - `*`

| Priority | As a …​                                     | I want to …​                         | So that I can…​                                                         |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `* * *`  | new user                                    | see usage instructions               | refer to instructions when I forget how to use the App                  |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | add a new project                    |                                                                         |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | delete a project                     | remove entries that I no longer need                                    |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | find a project by name               | locate details of projects without having to go through the entire list |
| `* *`    | user                                        | hide private contact details         | minimize chance of someone else seeing them by accident                 |
| `*`      | user with many projects in the project book | sort projects by name                | locate a project easily                                                 |
| `* *`    | new user                                    | start and stop a timer for a project | track the time I spent on the project                                   |
_{More to be added}_

### Use cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `Momentum` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**Use case: Start and End a Timer**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to start a timer for a specific project in the list.
2.  Momemtum starts the timer for the project.
3.  User requests to end a timer for a specific project in the list.
4.  Momemtum ends the timer for the project.
(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `ProjectBook` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified
 otherwise).

**Extensions**

* 2a. There is an existing timer for the given project id.
  
  * a1. Momentum shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

* 3a. There is no ongoing timer for the given project id.
  
  * a1. Momentum shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

* *a. The given project id is invalid.
  
  * a1. Momentum shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

**Use case: Delete a project**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list projects
2.  ProjectBook shows a list of projects
3.  User requests to delete a specific project in the list
4.  ProjectBook deletes the project

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 3a. The given project id is invalid.
  
  * a1. Momentum  shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

_{More to be added}_

### Non-Functional Requirements

1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` or above installed.
2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 projects without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.
3.  A user with above average typing speed for regular English text (i.e. not code, not system admin commands) should be able to accomplish most of the tasks faster using commands than using the mouse.
4.  

_{More to be added}_

### Glossary

* **Command Line Interface(CLI)**: Command Line Interface processes commands in the form of text
* **Mainstream OS**: Windows, Linux, Unix, OS-X
* **Private contact detail**: A contact detail that is not meant to be shared with others

---

## **Appendix: Instructions for manual testing**

Given below are instructions to test the app manually.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> These instructions only provide a starting point for testers to work on;
testers are expected to do more *exploratory* testing.

</div>

### Launch and shutdown

1. Initial launch

   1. Download the jar file and copy into an empty folder

   1. Double-click the jar file Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample contacts. The window size may not be optimum.

1. Saving window preferences

   1. Resize the window to an optimum size. Move the window to a different location. Close the window.

   1. Re-launch the app by double-clicking the jar file.<br>
      Expected: The most recent window size and location is retained.

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Deleting a project

1. Deleting a project while all projects are being shown

   1. Prerequisites: List all projects using the `list` command. Multiple projects in the list.

   1. Test case: `delete 1`<br>
      Expected: First contact is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

   1. Test case: `delete 0`<br>
      Expected: No project is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

   1. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Saving data

1. Dealing with missing/corrupted data files

   1. _{explain how to simulate a missing/corrupted file, and the expected behavior}_

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

Commit message:

Add documentation for created date and deadline

docs/DeveloperGuide.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Developer Guide
---

* Table of Contents
  {:toc}

---

## **Setting up, getting started**

Refer to the guide [_Setting up and getting started_](SettingUp.md).

---

## **Design**

### Architecture

<img src="images/ArchitectureDiagram.png" width="450" />

The **_Architecture Diagram_** given above explains the high-level design of the App. Given below is a quick overview of each component.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">

:bulb: **Tip:** The `.puml` files used to create diagrams in this document can be found in the [diagrams](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/docs/diagrams/) folder. Refer to the [_PlantUML Tutorial_ at se-edu/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/plantUml.html) to learn how to create and edit diagrams.

</div>

**`Main`** has two classes called [`Main`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/Main.java) and [`MainApp`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/MainApp.java). It is responsible for,

* At app launch: Initializes the components in the correct sequence, and connects them up with each other.
* At shut down: Shuts down the components and invokes cleanup methods where necessary.

[**`Commons`**](#common-classes) represents a collection of classes used by multiple other components.

The rest of the App consists of four components.

* [**`UI`**](#ui-component): The UI of the App.
* [**`Logic`**](#logic-component): The command executor.
* [**`Model`**](#model-component): Holds the data of the App in memory.
* [**`Storage`**](#storage-component): Reads data from, and writes data to, the hard disk.

Each of the four components,

* defines its _API_ in an `interface` with the same name as the Component.
* exposes its functionality using a concrete `{Component Name}Manager` class (which implements the corresponding API `interface` mentioned in the previous point.

For example, the `Logic` component (see the class diagram given below) defines its API in the `Logic.java` interface and exposes its functionality using the `LogicManager.java` class which implements the `Logic` interface.

![Class Diagram of the Logic Component](images/LogicClassDiagram.png)

**How the architecture components interact with each other**

The _Sequence Diagram_ below shows how the components interact with each other for the scenario where the user issues the command `delete 1`.

<img src="images/ArchitectureSequenceDiagram.png" width="574" />

The sections below give more details of each component.

### UI component

![Structure of the UI Component](images/UiClassDiagram.png)

**API** :
[`Ui.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/ui/Ui.java)

The UI consists of a `MainWindow` that is made up of parts e.g.`CommandBox`, `ResultDisplay`, `ProjectListPanel`, `StatusBarFooter` etc. All these, including the `MainWindow`, inherit from the abstract `UiPart` class.

The `UI` component uses JavaFx UI framework. The layout of these UI parts are defined in matching `.fxml` files that are in the `src/main/resources/view` folder. For example, the layout of the [`MainWindow`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/ui/MainWindow.java) is specified in [`MainWindow.fxml`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/resources/view/MainWindow.fxml)

The `UI` component,

* Executes user commands using the `Logic` component.
* Listens for changes to `Model` data so that the UI can be updated with the modified data.

### Logic component

![Structure of the Logic Component](images/LogicClassDiagram.png)

**API** :
[`Logic.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/logic/Logic.java)

1. `Logic` uses the `ProjectBookParser` class to parse the user command.
1. This results in a `Command` object which is executed by the `LogicManager`.
1. The command execution can affect the `Model` (e.g. adding a project).
1. The result of the command execution is encapsulated as a `CommandResult` object which is passed back to the `Ui`.
1. In addition, the `CommandResult` object can also instruct the `Ui` to perform certain actions, such as displaying help to the user.

Given below is the Sequence Diagram for interactions within the `Logic` component for the `execute("delete 1")` API call.

![Interactions Inside the Logic Component for the `delete 1` Command](images/DeleteSequenceDiagram.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> The lifeline for `DeleteCommandParser` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

### Model component

![Structure of the Model Component](images/ModelClassDiagram.png)

**API** : [`Model.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/model/Model.java)

The `Model`,

* stores a `UserPref` object that represents the user’s preferences.
* stores the project book data.
* exposes an unmodifiable `ObservableList<Project>` that can be 'observed' e.g. the UI can be bound to this list so that the UI automatically updates when the data in the list change.
* does not depend on any of the other three components.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> An alternative (arguably, a more OOP) model is given below. It has a `Tag` list in the `ProjectBook`, which `Project` references. This allows `ProjectBook` to only require one `Tag` object per unique `Tag`, instead of each `Project` needing their own `Tag` object.<br>

![BetterModelClassDiagram](images/BetterModelClassDiagram.png)

</div>

### Storage component

![Structure of the Storage Component](images/StorageClassDiagram.png)

**API** : [`Storage.java`](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/tree/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/storage/Storage.java)

The `Storage` component,

* can save `UserPref` objects in json format and read it back.
* can save the project book data in json format and read it back.

### Common classes

Classes used by multiple components are in the `seedu.momentum.commons` package.

---

## **Implementation**

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### \[Proposed\] Undo/redo feature

#### Proposed Implementation

The proposed undo/redo mechanism is facilitated by `VersionedProjectBook`. It extends `ProjectBook` with an undo/redo history, stored internally as an `projectBookStateList` and `currentStatePointer`. Additionally, it implements the following operations:

* `VersionedProjectBook#commit()` — Saves the current project book state in its history.
* `VersionedProjectBook#undo()` — Restores the previous project book state from its history.
* `VersionedProjectBook#redo()` — Restores a previously undone project book state from its history.

These operations are exposed in the `Model` interface as `Model#commitProjectBook()`, `Model#undoProjectBook()` and `Model#redoProjectBook()` respectively.

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the undo/redo mechanism behaves at each step.

Step 1. The user launches the application for the first time. The `VersionedProjectBook` will be initialized with the initial project book state, and the `currentStatePointer` pointing to that single project book state.

![UndoRedoState0](images/UndoRedoState0.png)

Step 2. The user executes `delete 5` command to delete the 5th project in the project book. The `delete` command calls `Model#commitProjectBook()`, causing the modified state of the project book after the `delete 5` command executes to be saved in the `projectBookStateList`, and the `currentStatePointer` is shifted to the newly inserted project book state.

![UndoRedoState1](images/UndoRedoState1.png)

Step 3. The user executes `add n/David …​` to add a new project. The `add` command also calls `Model#commitProjectBook()`, causing another modified project book state to be saved into the `projectBookStateList`.

![UndoRedoState2](images/UndoRedoState2.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> If a command fails its execution, it will not call `Model#commitProjectBook()`, so the project book state will not be saved into the `projectBookStateList`.

</div>

Step 4. The user now decides that adding the project was a mistake, and decides to undo that action by executing the `undo` command. The `undo` command will call `Model#undoProjectBook()`, which will shift the `currentStatePointer` once to the left, pointing it to the previous project book state, and restores the project book to that state.

![UndoRedoState3](images/UndoRedoState3.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> If the `currentStatePointer` is at index 0, pointing to the initial ProjectBook state, then there are no previous ProjectBook states to restore. The `undo` command uses `Model#canUndoProjectBook()` to check if this is the case. If so, it will return an error to the user rather
than attempting to perform the undo.

</div>

The following sequence diagram shows how the undo operation works:

![UndoSequenceDiagram](images/UndoSequenceDiagram.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> The lifeline for `UndoCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.

</div>

The `redo` command does the opposite — it calls `Model#redoProjectBook()`, which shifts the `currentStatePointer` once to the right, pointing to the previously undone state, and restores the project book to that state.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> If the `currentStatePointer` is at index `projectBookStateList.size() - 1`, pointing to the latest project book state, then there are no undone ProjectBook states to restore. The `redo` command uses `Model#canRedoProjectBook()` to check if this is the case. If so, it will return an error to the user rather than attempting to perform the redo.

</div>

Step 5. The user then decides to execute the command `list`. Commands that do not modify the project book, such as `list`, will usually not call `Model#commitProjectBook()`, `Model#undoProjectBook()` or `Model#redoProjectBook()`. Thus, the `projectBookStateList` remains unchanged.

![UndoRedoState4](images/UndoRedoState4.png)

Step 6. The user executes `clear`, which calls `Model#commitProjectBook()`. Since the `currentStatePointer` is not pointing at the end of the `projectBookStateList`, all project book states after the `currentStatePointer` will be purged. Reason: It no longer makes sense to redo the `add n/David …​` command. This is the behavior that most modern desktop applications follow.

![UndoRedoState5](images/UndoRedoState5.png)

The following activity diagram summarizes what happens when a user executes a new command:

![CommitActivityDiagram](images/CommitActivityDiagram.png)

#### Design consideration:

##### Aspect: How undo & redo executes

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Saves the entire project book.
  * Pros: Easy to implement.
  * Cons: May have performance issues in terms of memory usage.

* **Alternative 2:** Individual command knows how to undo/redo by
  itself.
  * Pros: Will use less memory (e.g. for `delete`, just save the project being deleted).
  * Cons: We must ensure that the implementation of each individual command are correct.

_{more aspects and alternatives to be added}_

### \[Proposed\] Data archiving

_{Explain here how the data archiving feature will be implemented}_

---

## **Documentation, logging, testing, configuration, dev-ops**

* [Documentation guide](Documentation.md)
* [Testing guide](Testing.md)
* [Logging guide](Logging.md)
* [Configuration guide](Configuration.md)
* [DevOps guide](DevOps.md)

---

## **Appendix: Requirements**

### Product scope

**Target user profile**:

* Freelancers
  * Freelancers may take on multiple projects simultaneously, so they need to manage and track the time they spend on each project.
  * Freelancers want to know how much time they spend on a project in order to accurately bill their clients and set future rates.
  * Freelancers might want to know more about how they distribute their time and track the time spent on each project so that they can better understand their working style, and plan their time more efficiently.

**Value proposition**:

* Time tracking app
  * Dashboard view for freelancer to get an overview of all projects
  * Multiple groups to represent different categories to help in grouping of tasks such as freelance projects.
  * Predefined groups that are commonly used for freelancers, such as projects and self-learning/improvement
  * Timer to track the duration of a task or Indicate start time and end time for a task, so that the user can price their rates and charge clients more accurately.
  * Reminder to start doing a task (only when application is open).
  * Users can generate reports of time usage after a week/any specified duration to understand their work style better and optimise their time usage so that they can plan their time better.
  * Users can also generate reports of their income over a period of time from various freelance projects
  * Interesting/creative views for visualizing the reports/data.

### User stories

Priorities: High (must have) - `* * *`, Medium (nice to have) - `* *`, Low (unlikely to have) - `*`

| Priority | As a …​                                     | I want to …​                         | So that I can…​                                                         |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `* * *`  | new user                                    | see usage instructions               | refer to instructions when I forget how to use the App                  |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | add a new project                    |                                                                         |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | view the project creation date                    |                                                                         |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | add and edit a deadline for a project                    |                                                                         |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | delete a project                     | remove entries that I no longer need                                    |
| `* * *`  | user                                        | find a project by name               | locate details of projects without having to go through the entire list |
| `* *`    | user                                        | hide private contact details         | minimize chance of someone else seeing them by accident                 |
| `*`      | user with many projects in the project book | sort projects by name                | locate a project easily                                                 |
| `* *`    | new user                                    | start and stop a timer for a project | track the time I spent on the project                                   |
_{More to be added}_

### Use cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `Momentum` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**Use case: Start and End a Timer**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to start a timer for a specific project in the list.
2.  Momemtum starts the timer for the project.
3.  User requests to end a timer for a specific project in the list.
4.  Momemtum ends the timer for the project.
(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `ProjectBook` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified
 otherwise).

**Extensions**

* 2a. There is an existing timer for the given project id.
  
  * a1. Momentum shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

* 3a. There is no ongoing timer for the given project id.
  
  * a1. Momentum shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

* *a. The given project id is invalid.
  
  * a1. Momentum shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

**Use case: Delete a project**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list projects
2.  ProjectBook shows a list of projects
3.  User requests to delete a specific project in the list
4.  ProjectBook deletes the project

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 3a. The given project id is invalid.
  
  * a1. Momentum  shows an error message.

    Use case ends.

_{More to be added}_

### Non-Functional Requirements

1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` or above installed.
2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 projects without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.
3.  A user with above average typing speed for regular English text (i.e. not code, not system admin commands) should be able to accomplish most of the tasks faster using commands than using the mouse.
4.  

_{More to be added}_

### Glossary

* **Command Line Interface(CLI)**: Command Line Interface processes commands in the form of text
* **Mainstream OS**: Windows, Linux, Unix, OS-X

---

## **Appendix: Instructions for manual testing**

Given below are instructions to test the app manually.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: <strong>Note:</strong> These instructions only provide a starting point for testers to work on;
testers are expected to do more *exploratory* testing.

</div>

### Launch and shutdown

1. Initial launch

   1. Download the jar file and copy into an empty folder

   1. Double-click the jar file Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample contacts. The window size may not be optimum.

1. Saving window preferences

   1. Resize the window to an optimum size. Move the window to a different location. Close the window.

   1. Re-launch the app by double-clicking the jar file.<br>
      Expected: The most recent window size and location is retained.

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Deleting a project

1. Deleting a project while all projects are being shown

   1. Prerequisites: List all projects using the `list` command. Multiple projects in the list.

   1. Test case: `delete 1`<br>
      Expected: First contact is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

   1. Test case: `delete 0`<br>
      Expected: No project is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

   1. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Saving data

1. Dealing with missing/corrupted data files

   1. _{explain how to simulate a missing/corrupted file, and the expected behavior}_

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_
